Update README.md (#1780)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/README.md

* [Josh Suereth](https://github.com/jsuereth)
* [Joshua MacDonald](https://github.com/jmacd)

> Note: this specification is subject to major changes. To avoid trusting

Reviewer: Don't think, trusting doesn't fit here!

IMHO, thrusting seems right here!

Reviewer 2: I read "thrusting" and interpreted it as one of its dictionary meanings "force (someone) to accept or deal with something." It's still not a common usage of this term, but I take it to mean "jerk around".

> Note: this specification is subject to major changes. To avoid trusting
> language client maintainers, we don't recommend OpenTelemetry clients to start

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: this specification is subject to major changes. To avoid wasting the time of
language client maintainers, we don't recommend OpenTelemetry clients to start
```

Reviewer 3: "avoid wasting" is a logical double negative. Can replace with "To make better use of maintainers' time"
